Make helm_repository a data resource (#221)
terraform-providers/terraform-provider-helm: website/docs/repository.html.markdown

---

> # Data Source: helm_repository

Reviewer: In other providers documentation, datasources are usually placed in a `d` folder, separate from resources which are in an `r` folder.

This is mostly important when both a datasource and a resource exist with the same name, e.g. https://www.terraform.io/docs/providers/kubernetes/d/service.html vs https://www.terraform.io/docs/providers/kubernetes/r/service.html

A chart repository is a location where packaged charts can be stored and shared.

`helm_repository` describes a helm repository.

## Example Usage

```hcl
data "helm_repository" "incubator" {
    name = "incubator"
    url  = "https://kubernetes-charts-incubator.storage.googleapis.com"
}

> data "helm_release" "my_cache" {

Reviewer: `helm_release` should have stayed untouched, isn't it?

> ## Import

Reviewer 2: let's remove this Import section

`helm_repository` does not support import

## Old resource helm_repository

> Before 0.9.0 `helm_repository` was a resource and not a data source. The old resource is now a shim to the data source to preserve backwards compatibiliy. As the use of the resource is deprecated it is strongly suggested to move to the new data source.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Before 0.9.0 `helm_repository` was a resource and not a data source. The old resource is now a shim to the data source to preserve backwards compatibility. As the use of the resource is deprecated it is strongly suggested to move to the new data source as the compatibility will be removed in a future release.
```
